Messages article (#595)
sharetribe/flex-docs: src/docs/concepts-messages/messages/index.md

is the most versatile way to react to what's happening in your
marketplace. As sending new messages does not affect transaction state
or transitions, you can’t use Zapier to detect new messages as it can
only react to transactions, listing and user events. Events allow you to
listen to
[created messages](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/references/events/#supported-event-types)
and react directly to them. See how to
[react to events](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/how-to/reacting-to-events/)
and the
[Integration API example script repository](https://github.com/sharetribe/flex-integration-api-examples)
if you’re unsure where to start building your integration.

## Message notifications in Flex Templates for Web (FTW)

By default, FTW renders a notification symbol when the provider has
transactions that require action, i.e. transactions that require
acceptance of a booking request.

![Notification symbol](notification.png 'Notification symbol')

This is how the default logic works:

1.  A
    [query is made](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-daily/blob/master/src/ducks/user.duck.js#L300)

>     that retrieves all sale (transactions where the current user is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that retrieves all sales transactions (i.e. transactions where the current user is the
```

    provider) transactions that are in the
    [confirm payment state](https://github.com/sharetribe/ftw-daily/blob/85e9291a3078c54d6531ad465276f03847882911/src/util/transaction.js#L214)

> 2.  The amount of sale transactions determines the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  The amount of sales transactions determines the
```
